Update iframes.md (#739)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/iframes/iframes.md

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> IFrame (Inline Frame) is an HTML document embedded inside another HTML document on a website. It provides a smaller version of a browser window that contains various media, such as an advertisement, a YouTube video, etc. Some sites such as Youtube will provide an iframe for you instead of you needing to make one yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IFrame (Inline Frame) is an HTML document embedded inside another HTML document on a website. It provides a smaller version of a browser window that contains various media, such as an advertisement, a YouTube video, etc. Some sites such as Youtube will provide iframe markup for you instead of you needing to make one yourself.
```

> IFrame (Inline Frame) is an HTML document embedded inside another HTML document on a website. It provides a smaller version of a browser window that contains various media, such as an advertisement, a YouTube video, etc. Some sites such as Youtube will provide iframe markup for you instead of you needing to make one yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IFrame (Inline Frame) is an HTML document embedded inside another HTML document on a website. It provides a smaller version of a browser window that contains various media, such as an advertisement, a YouTube video, etc. Some sites such as Youtube will provide iframe markup for the user to embed instead of making one on their own.
```

Let's avoid using "you"/"your"; only use "we"/"our" when necessary.
